3. Short snappy phrase:
Providing expert neuro physiotherapy and rehabilitation services supporting people with neurological conditions to improve mobility, manage symptoms, and enhance quality of life.

Intro Blurb:
1. RNB Physio provides expert neuro physiotherapy and rehabilitation services to support individuals living with neurological conditions and chronic illness, with a specialised focus on long COVID, ME and other complex disabilities.
With a compassionate, client centred approach, we provide our services mainly through telehealth to be accessible for all.
Our goal is to support your journey to improved mobility, daily functioning and independence through personalised treatment plans, evidence-based practices, and a commitment to your long-term well-being. 


2. About Raewyn:
Raewyn is a senior physiotherapist with over 13 years’ experience in neuro rehabilitation. Raewyn has gained knowledge and expertise through her work in both New Zealand and the UK.
Raewyn has direct experience working in the following areas: Acute stroke and neuromedical units, stroke and general rehabilitation units, vestibular rehabilitation outpatient clinics, neuro-rehabilitation outpatient clinics, complex disability/illness outpatient clinics, neuro-hydrotherapy, spinal cord and brain injury rehabilitation, paediatric physiotherapy, and functional neurological disorder rehabilitation.
Since the pandemic Raewyn has been heavily involved in treating clients with long COVID as well as providing education and awareness to health care professionals and others regarding management of fatigue and other long COVID symptoms. Through this work, Raewyn has expanded her passion to encompass other complex conditions including ME/CFS, EDS, and POTS.
Raewyn established RNB Physio to provide an accessible service for treatment and education that takes into consideration the barriers and fatigue symptoms that encompass many of these conditions. This service allows for people to attend consultations within the confines of their own home to conserve energy levels and lower stress.


           	
Types of service:
Telehealth: Video calls using Google meet
Using telehealth you will join Raewyn on a video call from the comfort of your own home. You can explain your situation and Raewyn will ask questions about your symptoms, current management and your health journey so far. She will then be able to give you strategies to help manage symptoms, education about what is happening in your body, and different ways to move or activities to engage in (even if that activity is rest or sleeping). Raewyn uses a holistic approach that includes our physical well being but also takes into account our roles within family and society, our passions and things that are important to us that enhance our quality of life. This is unique for each individual, and input from Raewyn will look different for each person. There are many ways to learn different movements via telehealth, if Raewyn needs to teach you something she can demonstrate it over the video, and then send follow up pictures with descriptions or videos for your reference. You can also be guided to set up your video screen so that Raewyn can see you perform any movements, allowing her to give specific feedback directly to you. 
(description of what to expect with telehealth + home visits) - quantity

Home visits:
Within the Manawatu / Whanganui / Horowhenua (additional travel costs)
Home visits will have Raewyn coming to your home to see you in person.
All of the talking and asking questions and education will be the same as via telehealth,
but these visits are helpful if there are symptoms that need to be assessed in person.
Such as weakness or balance. Or if parts of your home environment need to be assessed,
like your bathroom set up, or if you have trouble going up and down stairs.
This allows Raewyn to complete physical assessments on you that will give her more information to allow her to treat your specific symptoms.
This is particularly the case if you will need her assistance to practice a movement, such as learning to transfer or to walk by yourself.
When starting out, you may need her help to do these tasks safely before you can do them with the help of a support worker, or by yourself. 

Pricing:
Initial 1hr assessment: $180 (incl.)
Follow up 1hr sessions: $127 (incl.)
Home visits: Above rates plus IRD prescribed mileage rate ($1.17 per km) unless the home visit is within the radius of 10km where the mileage fee will be waived. Base: Roslyn, Palmerston North.


 External resources: long COVID, ME / CFS, POTS, EDS, FND for link if someone clicks on word
FND: https://neurosymptoms.org/en/
EDS: https://ehlers-danlos.org.nz/eds-info/
POTS: https://healthify.nz/health-a-z/p/postural-orthostatic-tachycardia-syndrome-pots
ME/CFS: https://healthify.nz/health-a-z/m/mecfs
Long COVID: https://healthify.nz/health-a-z/c/covid-19-long-covid 


Links:
https://calendly.com/rnbphysio/initial_assessment

